♫ Oh, you have shoulders broad enough ♫
♫ To bear the weight of your words ♫
♫ Of never changing yourself, woo~ ♫
♫ When your strong faith ♫
♫ Silences fate ♫
♫ Romance will become your privilege ♫
♫ Dancing with ecstasy and grief will be like a grand banquet ♫
♫ And taking blazes as fireworks will be a classic never to regret ♫
♫ Oh, love without sadness is devoted love ♫
♫ Like an invisible existence ♫
♫ It's everywhere ♫
♫ Fending for your true love ♫
♫ I wish the one I love ♫
♫ Could safely sail through the sea of love ♫
♫ Once you let go, it will weigh on your mind for life ♫
♫ The most selfless love is love without sadness ♫
[All Out of Love]
Episode 13
Your biological mother, her name is Cheng Qing.
And you have a grandfather.
His name is Cheng Fangzheng. Your family is a big extended family.
Your father...
Mother.
When mother left us that night,
My brother and I were silent for a long period of time.
I told myself that she has fallen asleep.
When dawn is here, mother will wake up.
She will call me, Jiang Sheng, look at me and smile.
But until I saw our family portrait on the table,
I could no longer hold my tears back from falling.
I understand.  My mother is gone.
She will never come back.
I wish so much to lie in her arms again. And be spoiled by her one more time.
And say to her, Mother, I miss you.
Mother's last wish is to be buried together with Father.
Mother's whole life has been ordinary.
Just like her final wish. Plain and unadorned.
Her head full of white hair, and her hands that are callused from work, supported this family.
Mother, your tenacity, selflessness, and tolerance,
Is as tender as the great earth.
In the years and months to come, it will enfolds me, and nourishes me.
Helps me to mature. Allows  me be courageous.
Tianyou. I've checked the hospital birth records of her late aunt's baby.
The child is her biological child. He's not adopted.
And she has a colleague at the newspaper office by the name of Jiang Liangzhi.
They had a very close relationship. I think this person will definitely know the whereabouts of the child.
Jiang Liangzhi.. he's in  Weijiaping.
You're certain you gave me the correct address?
Old Wang.
When will my brother be coming back?
Can you check for me again.
What is Jiang Sheng's work and rest schedule and itinerary.
The more detailed the better.
Okay. I'll get it to you quickly.
Which of these stars in the sky
is Mother? And which is Father?
I feel that you are thinking too much.
If according to you,  there will be one more star in the sky when someone passes.
Then I'm afraid the sky above us is not big enough.
If really when someone leaves us,
And become a star in the sky, it is also a good thing.
We can see it when we lift our heads.
The two of you, please don't be so sad.
Be more realistic, okay?
Liangsheng.
The two of you.. are not from the same mother. Is that right?
I was ignorant when I was young. And mocked you constantly for being a motherless wild child.
You.. please don't mind what I said.
Today, in front of Jiang Sheng,
Apologize to you sincerely. I'm wrong.
This was a long time ago. Why do you still talk about it?
Bei Xiaowu. My mother said to me that both my brother and I are her children.
And you too. Even though mother is no longer here with us.
But we must encourage one another. And live our lives well in future.
Tianyou has suddenly returned from overseas.
Separately, one after another, he and Jiang Sheng have gone to Weijiaping.
But I don't know what they where doing there.
But, up till now, they have not seen each other yet.
A good show is starting soon.
No matter what happens tomorrow, you must stand by me.
What about the Old Master..
If Grandfather is going to find someone to blame,
I will talk to him about it. You'll see who he will give his support to then.
Brother. You're back.
Right. I'm back to rest for a couple of days.
You.. are going out?
Arh.
I'm going out to meet my girlfriend. Will you accompany me?
Is that the girlfriend whom you mentioned to me previously? She's here?
Yes. Brother, please don't make fun of me.
I think she wants to break off with me. I don't know what to do.
So I hope that you will go with me and help me.
Okay. There's no problem.
Hello, Brother. I'm downstairs now.
When are you coming down.
Okay. Please hurry.
Our family and Yuhua are too fated.
So your girlfriend is here too.
Yes, brother.
Wait. I see a friend of mine. I'll go say hello to her.
Oh.
Jiang Sheng.
Hey, Uncle.
Long time no see.
You're back from your business trip?
- I'm with my brother...
- Jiang Sheng.
You...you two know each other?
Yes, brother, she's the girlfriend I wanted to introduce you to.
What are you saying?
What's the matter?
Brother, isn't Jiang Sheng beautiful?
What nonsense are you saying? Whose your girlfriend?
Jiang Sheng, what's the matter?
Your hand still has the mark I left on it.
We agreed to be together forever.
Tianen, cut it out. Let's go back.
Even you won't believe me, brother?
I know that none of you cares whether I live or die. Ever since I was young, I've had no legs, so no one trusts me.
What are you saying?
Jiang Sheng,
how come you suddenly have a change of heart?
Didn't we agree to be together forever?
I know already. You are disgusted with me.
Disgusted that I don't have legs and cannot stand. Am I right?
I just knew that you are disgusted with me!
What are you doing, Tianen? Calm down.
Calm down, okay? Calm down. I will handle everything, okay?
Cheng Tianen, what crazy fit are you into?
Tianyou, you really believe him?
Brother, do you believe me or her?
Jiang Sheng, sorry.
Brother,
you don't believe me, am I right?
Old Wang, take Tianen home first.
Brother, I also don't know why a thing like that happened. Stop being mad.
I'm not mad. I'm just worried about you, afraid that he'll bully you again.
Do you know that Cheng Tianen?
I know Cheng Tianyou, but I'm not that familiar with Cheng Tianen.
Is Cheng Tianyou that man who drove you back to school last time?
Yes.
I don't care who the other party is, from where he came from, what kind of person he is,
but he can't bully you.
Jiang Sheng, when mother left, I promised her that I will take good care of you,
that I'm going to take responsibility for you. The eldest brother is like a father. I don't care what kind of person you meet in the future.
No matter who he is, as long as he's good to you and will take responsibility for you,
I will walk you down the aisle in behalf of father and personally hand you to him.
Brother.
Sorry.
Did I disappoint you?
There's nothing to apologize. It's me who didn't protect you well.
Since we were little, you doted me the most.
You gave the only fried egg in your bowl to me.
When there was a field trip in our school, you saved money to buy me a new pair of shoes.
When I said that I love eating persimmons, you carved my name on all the persimmon trees.
Brother, I miss our parents.
I miss that last new year's eve we had together.
The four of us eating a reunion meal.
And then you stayed on the rooftop with me to wait for midnight.
It suddenly started snowing.
You even wrote my name on the snow.
I also miss our parents a lot.
but don't worry, wherever I am, that is your home.
I promise you that I will take you to see the snow again next winter.
And I will still write our names on the snow.
Brother, help me tell Jiang Sheng to not have a change of heart.
Brother, you will help me, right?
I don't know why you did it,
but don't look for her from now on.
You care about her?
The one I cared about is you.
This matter ends here.
Please come again.
Welcome—
Jiang Sheng...
I want to—
Are you buying flowers? If not, leave.
Sorry.
Why are you apologizing? It wasn't your fault.
I know. Tianen sometimes indeed can go overboard.
What? This matter for you is just going overboard?
Also, do you really believe him?
No... He was at fault here.
I came to apologize in his behalf.
Cheng Tianyou,
you disappeared for several months. Upon your return, something like this happened.
Okay already. From now on, let's stop seeing each other.
These past months—
I didn't contact you these past months
because I wanted to seriously think about our relationship.
Your life is more simple,
while mine is complicated. I was worried that I might bring you trouble and problems.
But I've figured it out. Jiang Sheng, there is something that I want to tell you.
Enough. Don't say it anymore.
We're not friends from now on.
The future of the Cheng family can only rely on you.
Tianen surely can't be depended on anymore.
Look at him,
he can't even take good care of himself.
I don't know why you did it,
but don't look for her from now on.
You care about her?
The person I cared about is you.
Jiang Sheng, come and have breakfast.
I love eating your breakfast the most. What am I going to do if one day I don't get to eat it anymore?
Why would that happen? As long as you like it, I can make it for you everyday.
I'll get a Yakult for you.
Why do I feel like ever since you returned from Weijiaping, you like to eat a lot?
There are so many good things to eat. Here.
There's so much stuff in the fridge. Aren't you afraid it'll go bad?
Of course they won't go bad. With you around, they won't go bad.
Also, Bei Xiaowu specially bought this TCL large-capacity fridge. It's not a problem.
What's your schedule for today?
I don't have a class in the afternoon, so I'm going to help out at the flower shop.
How has the flower shop been recently?
Pretty good.
That's good. Eat up.
Hello? Tianyou.
Tianen went out early this morning.
Where did he go?
I don't know. I'll ask for you.
Oh yeah. There's been a new development in your Aunt's case.
Her son is named Liangsheng.
Liangsheng?
Where is Liangsheng right now?
He's at Yuhua University.
All right. I got it.
Find out where Tianen went.
All right.
- Qian Zhi.
- Hey, Tianyou. It's bad. Tianen has gone to Jiangsheng's flower shop.
Okay. See if you like this.
Please sign this for me.
Okay.
Jiang Sheng, is that man outside your friend?
He's already been waiting for two hours. Go see him.
I'm sorry, Madam. I'll speak with him.
Cheng Tianen, what exactly is your objective? You guarding the door like this will affect the other customers.
I don't have an objective. I just missed you, so I came to see you.
Leave right now. If you don't, I'll call the police.
Ms. Jiang, don't be too hasty. This won't be good for anyone.
Give it. Give it to me. You-!
- Ms. Jiang. Ms. Jiang, calm down.
- Cheng Tianen, I'm not your enemy.
- We don't have any bad intentions. Ms. Jiang!
- Give me my cell phone. Give it back!
Cheng Tianen, stop pestering me!
- Ms. Jiang.
- What do you want? Give it back.
What you are doing?
Why is it you guys again?
Why are all the people around Jiang Sheng so boorish like you?
Birds of a feather flock together.
Watch your words. Do you think I won't hit you?
- You wanna have a go?
- Xiaowu! Watch your words!
Xiaowu, let go!
Hello. 110?
- Is this confirmed?
- It's confirmed. Liangsheng is your Aunt's son.
You...Inform grandfather right away.
But don't let him know that Liangsheng has been hurt.
Good.
Jiang Sheng. I...wish to tell you-
Leave. I don't wish to you see again.
I have to stay too.
Because...
Because Liangsheng is also family to me.
Family?
Cheng Tianyou, leave right now. I don't want to see you again.
You misunderstand. I just found out myself.
Liangsheng's biological mother was my Aunt.
A while ago, among the things my Aunt left behind,
I found an ultrasound scan. So I suspected that my Aunt had a child before she died.
After an investigation, we actually found her birth records at the hospital.
And that child was in Weijiaping.
Yes, my brother was born in Weijiaping, but he's my brother. He has nothing to do with the Cheng family.
I know that you can't accept this right now.
Who is the family of the patient?
I am.
The situation is like this.
Althought we performed an emergency operation, the death rate is still fifteen to thirty percent.
You must prepare yourselves.
Go. I don't want to see you again.
Also, don't approach Jiang Sheng again. Otherwise, I'll make  you regret it.
Brother, how is Liangsheng?
He has been transferred to a normal room. He most likely has stabilized.
I was worried about him, so I came to visit him.
I know I was wrong. I didn't mean to do it.
Why are you here?
I just came to visit him.
Liangsheng doesn't need your visit.
Sorry. I know I was wrong.
I also never thought that things will escalate to like this.
He is your brother, but he also is my cousin.
I only wanted to make a joke, but I didn't expect it will end up like this.
Please leave.
And you, leave too.
It's not easy for my brother to be better now. He needs to quietly recuperate.
Jiang Sheng.
Calm down a little. I'm really sorry for things to have progressed to like this,
but can you allow me to stay and be with him?
I can take care of my brother.
You all leave now. Don't come back.
Xiao Qing's child got hurt and hospitalized. Tianyou actually hid such a huge matter from me?
Master, don't get mad. Isn't it Tianyou is just worried that your health won't be able to bear it.
But that is my grandson!
His facial features...
...are indeed very similar to Xiao Qing.
Who's that person outside?
Liangsheng's little sister.
The Jiang family can be counted as our benefactor.
Later, make the arrangements.
I understand.
What are you trying to do?
Grandpa already knew that we found aunt's son.
No one was able to stop him and he immediately flew back from Hong Kong.
Now that Liangsheng got hurt, he's feeling happiness and sadness at the same time. It is quite traumatizing to him.
Tianyou.
Grandpa said that after you've handled the matters here, immediately go back to the Cheng Manor.
I got it.
I'll get going now.
How did Liangsheng get hurt?
I heard that it has something to do with Tianen.
There's no point dwelling on that.
What's important now is how to cure Liangsheng.
That child Tianen...
These past years, we've spoiled him too much.
It has gone overboard.
Grandpa, I will discipline Tianen.
For him to commit  such a huge mistake, I also am responsible.
Since this child is back, he is now a member of the Cheng family from now on.
Based on our ancestral genealogy, he should be called Cheng Tiance.
Tianyou, once the condition of Liangsheng stabilizes,
let him come back to acknowledge his roots.
I want him to return to the Cheng family
and let all our friends and relatives know
that we have an additional grandchild.
Flourishing branches and abundant leaves, full of descendants.
Grandpa, he has gotten used to the identity of Jiang Liangsheng for so many years.
If we suddenly recognize him as our family,
Liangsheng and his family might not be able to easily accept it.
Our Cheng family is a respectable and renowned family. Why would it be hard for him to accept us?
Liangsheng is the child of Cheng Qing.
He must return to the Cheng family sooner or later. A water has a source,
a tree has roots. A person must not forget his origin.
Tianyou,
do you feel that old Master is being a bit unreasonable?
For so many years, Grandpa has been missing Auntie. Now that he finally found her son,
he surely wishes to have a happy life with him. I can understand that.
But...standing in the point of view of Liangsheng,
the Jiang family still have raised him for so many years. He owed them a lot.
How could he accept being suddenly called Cheng Tiance?
I'm worried that Grandpa is being too hurried and he might just get disappointed.
Planning ahead
and thoroughly considering all aspects are your good traits.
But Tianyou, in this matter,
don't look at it as being too complicated.
No matter what, finding your cousin is a happy matter.
Regardless if he's called Jiang Liangsheng or Cheng Tiance,
those are just vulgar names.
What's important is the person, Liangsheng.
Once he has been acknowledged as a member of the Cheng family,
you think old Master can bear to not intervene?
I understand.
The Jiang parents are now gone,
but Liangsheng still has a little sister. The two of them are relying on each to live.
We can't disregard their feelings.
Brother, you're awake.
Are you alright?
Jiang Sheng, I made a very long dream.
I dreamed our parents telling me
to take good care of you.
Also, they said  that we shouldn't separate or abandon each other in this life.
Okay.
We won't separate or abandon each other.
I also dreamed that you kept crying. I said,
"Why are you crying?"
What? You were really crying?
Don't worry. I'm fine.
♫ The season of my heart depends on your sad or joyful look ♫
♫ How beautiful the poetry is in the chaos and bitterness I feel for you ♫